University Malaysia of Computer Science & Engineering (UNIMY) is an independent private university located in Cyberjaya; Malaysia’s global tech hub.

With traditional linear career trajectories increasingly being replaced by more dynamic approaches, UNIMY was founded in January 2013 with the aim of Creating a Digital Nation. Driven by a shared purpose – to create a better future through technology, education, research, and innovation – UNIMY nurtures students for the challenges of Industrial Revolution 4.0 (IR 4.0) and digital transformation of future employment.

UNIMY offers foundation, diploma, undergraduate and postgraduate levels programmes taught in English. The city campus is fully equipped with academic, hostel and student facilities to ensure a conducive learning environment that caters to its ever-expanding programmes currently focused on eight (8) critical digital technology areas relevant to Creating a Digital Nation.

Our ethos of high-quality teaching and learning, leading edge curriculum and work readiness skills, combined with a vibrant student experience will be the key to unlocking our students true potential. At UNIMY, students will gain fundamental knowledge and practical experience, as well as become competent individuals able to take on the challenges of a constantly evolving digital and technology landscape.

UNIMY/The University currently offer programmes & courses like Foundation of Computer Science & Engineering, Bachelor Degrees like Bachelor of Computer Science(Honours), Bachelor of Software Engineering(Honours), Bachelor of Computer Engineering with Honours and Bachelor of Business Administration (Management Information Systems) (Honours). 

UNIMY/The University also offers Diploma programmes like Diploma in Game Development, Diploma in Information Technology, Diploma in Interactive And Digital Media, Diploma in Information Technology (Cyber Security), Diploma in Information Systems (Business Computing). 

UNIMY/The University also offers postgraduate programmes which are Master of Science (Computer Science), Master in Computing, Doctor of Philosophy (Computing).

UNIMY/The University is currently owned by Serba Dinamik Group Berhad.

Milestone:
January 2013, UNIMY was established.

July 2013, Enrolment of UNIMY's first cohort in its Putrajaya campus: Foundation in Computing and Engineering

July 2016, UNIMY celebrates its inaugural batch of Diploma students. The institution expanded its wings encompassing Cyber Security, Internet of Things and Digital Media.

March 2017, UNIMY re-branded itself with a fresh, new look via its Ruby Red logo.

October 2018, UNIMY celebrated its first batch of graduates. The pride blossomed further as its graduates recorded 100% employability with competetive salaries, within six months after graduation.

March 2019, UNIMY officiated its new flagship campus in Cyberjaya along with its newly-offered Postgraduate programme.

February 2020, Acquisition of UNIMY by Serba Dinamik Group Berhad.

UNIMY Focus Areas: UNIMY Has Eight Focus Areas which are Cloud Computing / Big Data, AI, Cybersecurity, Human-Machine Interaction, IOE, DevOps, Business Technology, XR.

Centre for Student Experience: 

The Centre for Student Experience (CSE) helps to educate and facilitate students to have a balanced life as well as to excel in both academic and personal development. We provide comprehensive services and facilities that boost the intellectual, spiritual, and emotional development of our students.

The main aim of CSE is to provide a supportive, friendly, and challenging environment for academic success and individual development. We understand that being a university student might not be easy for everyone. Students need to adapt to a new lifestyle while retaining the right momentum and spirit to achieve their dream careers. This is one of the reasons why we offer a range of support services to help students to cope with some of the challenges they may encounter while studying here.

Students:

For those students who need accommodation we will provide a list of units and apartments around Cyberjaya with a variety of rental rates.

Students can enjoy an active lifestyle with facilities such as tennis court, swimming pool and gymnasium. Our location is strategically located near the Cyberjaya Community Club, which offers a wide range of indoor and outdoor recreational facilities.

Other services for students: Beside the above-mentioned facilities, students also will get other benefits such as free counselling service, free unlimited WIFI etc